Rename Scanner module to TypeAnnotatorScanner. (#36)
nimakarimipour/NullAwayAnnotator: README.md

Follow the steps below:

* [Annotator Scanner](annotator-scanner/README.md) module should be installed in the ```local maven``` repository.
    * To install it, run `./gradlew install`

* Jar file of [Core](core/README.md) module should be located at `runner/jars`.
    * To create the jar file run: `./gradlew fatjar`

A script is provided which executes all installation tasks above. 

> It installs `Annotator Scanner` checker in `maven local` and creates the jar file of `core` module and moves it to the correct path. To run it, execute the command below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It installs `AnnotatorScanner` checker in `maven local` and creates the jar file of `core` module and moves it to the correct path. To run it, execute the command below:
```

Author: 54540be0a34cd643e6b8cf733250e9a8de7fbfd7
